DART450 - Kevin Lam Midterm Project 

For my project on Interactive Personality, I wanted to critique Social Media interaction as well as include some of my interests. 

How my website works: Basically, you are in control of the Social Media account (Instagram looking profile) of none other than the famous Super Mario villain, Wario! Wario wants to be popular and “go viral”. He is also a Fitness Enthusiast like me! The more fit he gets, the more followers he gets. The more he posts, the easier he will get recognized. Ergo, when he posts a picture, he will increase the speed at which he gains followers by working out. Help Wario be internet famous! Be his hero today! 

What’s the deal? In terms of fitness views on Social Media, the better you look, the more attention and adoration you receive. That is why I made it so that you get more followers by working out. To gain “points” on my website’s mini-game, you must “Pump Iron”. In relation to gaining points, my website exposes the wary side of Social Media by turning Wario’s account statistics (# of posts, # of Followers and # of Following) into a scoreboard. Everyone wants to have more followers and be famous. Therefore, by not saying anything to my website’s visitors, they will most likely assume that the number of followers is their points and the goal of my website is to gain followers. That is because, it is the only data that the visitors can actively work to change. With Social Media, comes an obsession over being liked/getting likes, being noticed and popular and making life look attractive. I wanted to showcase this fake/curated life that we are all trying to create. I also wanted to talk about the obsessive need to be loved by other people before thinking about self-love.   

In terms of coding, for the visuals, I wanted to replicate Instagram’s aesthetic through text placement and image placement. I added buttons to help with the functionality of the site as well as a settle way to add my interactivity. For the account statistics, I count them through variables that increment every time an action is done (ex. Posting a picture or Pumping Iron). I then constantly update a div that displays the account statistics.
